Crouched between the branches,
a wildcat waits for the right moment to launch its lethal attack.
In the most isolated mountain forests
lives one of the last wildcats in Europe.
Wildcats feed on small mammals and birds
which they hunt in the early hours of the evening.
This tired pigeon is looking for a quiet place to roost for the night,
and is unaware of the discreet presence of the feline.
With the utmost stealth,
it finds a blind spot from which to approach without detection:
the least noise or sudden movement would betray its presence.
It advances in stages, until it close enough to reach its prey in a final,
explosive sprint.
Sadly for this species,
crossbreeding and hybridization with domestic cats
is undermining the purity of this extraordinary wild feline.